Alright now let's
declare a variable called interest rate. So let
interestRate and we set this to .
3. Now this is the initial value, we can always change that
later, so, we can set interest rate to let's say 1,
now if you log this on the console, of course
we're going to see the new value, right? So save the changes, and here's
one on the console. However, on a real world application,
there are situations that we don't want the value of a variable to change.
Because otherwise it's going to create all kinds of bugs in our
application. In those situations, instead of a variable, we
use a constant. So the value of a variable as
the name implies, can change, but the value of a constant cannot change.
So here, if we change let
to const. Now interestRate will be constant.
So, when I save the changes, we're going to see an error
in the console on line 3, where we reassign
interestRate. So let's have a look. Save the changes. And here's the error.
Uncaught typeError assignment to constant
variable. You can see this error happened in index.js
line 3, now if you click here, you can
see the line in code where this error occurred. So we cannot
reassign a constant. Alright now, back to the constant.
So, here is the best practice, if you don't need to reassign
constant should be your default choice. Otherwise
if you need to reassign a variable, use let.